I was your guest yesterday and now look
at this now you are mine very exciting I
was hoping I'd see an chippy Bakshi here
just look for the puff of Marlboro smoke
and you see her yeah
she's right there in the audience with
that big sparkly blouse on don't make
fun of it your mother picked it out
enough about her how's your family in
Bushwick yeah in Bushwick yeah how's
that going for him as he like it you
know he I think he loves the freedom
mm-hmm he hates paying his own rent and
he is chronically poor mm-hmm
I don't think he ever really experienced
you know extreme poverty you know like
now you know and my it's very funny my
parents for years always give my kids
for Halloween they give them each they
mail them an envelope with $20 in it
number three years I'm like mom dad you
don't have to do that they don't
appreciate it don't worry about it and
four years my kids sort of ignored the
$20 and Mark and I would say you know
when we were kids $20 like that would
take you through weeks and weeks of life
you know what actually for Halloween who
gets money Oh No
so but now that he's living on his own
he's called like three times as the
Halloween envelope arrived to get his
Halloween that's the big of the oval so
we can have power electricity wow so
he's really he's you know he's
experiencing being an adult and your
daughter Lola just went to college just
went to college yeah why you that's a
big right you yeah it's funny Michael
went to yeah you can upload
she so they both went to NYU when he
left his freshman year I was very
concerned I didn't think the kids should
live in the city where they grew up I
felt like they needed an experience
right go away Texas go somewhere in the
Midwest big you know big campus they
were both of them Adam it for different
reasons why they wanted to go to NYU so
I said well then you're gonna be like
other kids and come home when it's
regular visiting hours like Thanksgiving
Christmas that's it I'm your dad and I
need to rediscover each other so Michael
we drop him off freshman year drop them
off at his dorm we have lunch together
we look at each other we say we did it
we have a child in college we did it oh
my gosh we come home it's about ten
minutes away we've come home walk
through the front door he is standing in
the hallway I don't what are you doing
here he goes I thought I'd spend the
weekend here with you guys I go no no no
we don't live here anymore
you live in college and you need to meet
oh my daughter says the opposite you
don't even need to drop me off she got
she jumped out of a moving cab when we
took her you won't see I won't be back
you don't have to worry maybe I'll come
home for Thanksgiving maybe I won't
maybe I'll do other things so we drop
her off on a Saturday it is the end of
summer vacation so we go back out to
Long Island for the rest of the summer
truck rough on a Saturday Sunday evening
our alarm trips my daughters having a
party on the roof of our house
she was gone 12 hours it sounds like
maybe you need to send your youngest son
to Kansas or something he's not allowed
to even apply to apply within the
tri-state area
I want to ask you about this Halloween
show you do ever use because it is it
you put so much work into this show
whenever I turn it on and watch it's
become a big thing for you guys I think
wow what that looks like a huge pain in
the ass
it's the biggest pain in the ass Yeah
right because you're in how many
different costumes I mean some it
depends on the year this year I think
we're in 40 different cost working
costumes we we tape it for the entire
month and then we still somehow have to
wind up shooting a live show on Thursday
you would think we've taped so much that
would be the entire show is on tape but
we open the show live and we close the
show live we use the middle segments to
change our costumes but what's amazing
is tonight several of my producers are
here watching this show right and I'm
thinking you need to be at the studio
preparing for tomorrow's Halloween
segment one would think yeah right yeah
it is kind of like I find us every year
trying to one-up yeah right our selves
and you know I knew last week we had I
don't I don't want to use jumped the
shark we were on horses but we were on
horses in the middle of the nor'easter
branches are breaking off of trees the
horses are startling and the woman looks
at us she goes usually we have about a
month with the actors before we put them
on the animal oh my god well we're not
actors yeah yeah Brian falls off that
horse like six shows go down I mean the
entire network collapses yeah all they
have left is you and me well I know it's
a mess for you but it's it's a lot of
fun to watch every Halloween and it's
great to see you all as always this show
is great what you hear in Brooklyn well
we never
it's a special way
thank you I appreciate I love having you
here Kelly Rippa everybody
[Applause]
if you like that video then put a ring
on it click the subscribe button below
Oh